Added Packer v1.16.x Release docs (#2841)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/packer/v1.16.x/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/functions/datetime/rfc3339_parse.mdx

---
page_title: rfc3339_parse function reference
description: The `rfc3339_parse` function parses an RFC 3339 timestamp into date and time values for Packer templates.
---

# `rfc3339_parse` function

`rfc3339_parse` parses an RFC 3339 timestamp string and returns an object with

> its date and time values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rfc3339_parse` function parses an RFC 3339 timestamp string and returns an object with
its date and time values.
```

```hcl
rfc3339_parse(TIMESTAMP)
```

The function accepts timestamps that use either `T` or a space between the date

> and time. It also accepts optional fractional seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function accepts timestamps that use either `T` or a space between the date
and time. For example, both `2023-07-25T23:43:16Z` and `2023-07-25 23:43:16Z` are valid timestamps. The function also accepts timestamps with optional fractional seconds.
```

I think adding a quick example helps clarify what we mean here.
